Rename advisors (#10)
percona-platform/portal-doc: docs/connect-pmm.md

## Pre-requisites
To ensure that Percona Platform can establish a connection with the PMM instance:

### Install PMM 2.27.0 or later
 Before connecting your PMM server to Percona Platform, make sure you are using PMM version 2.27 or newer. Otherwise, upgrade your PMM installation beforehand. 
 

>  Upgrading is required because PMM 2.25 and 2.26 used username/password authentication for connecting to Percona Platform. Starting with PMM 2.27, this was replaced with access token authentication to support federated identity and increase security. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Upgrading is required because PMM 2.25 and 2.26 use username/password authentication for connecting to Percona Platform. Starting with PMM 2.27, this was replaced with access token authentication to support federated identity and increase security. 
```

3. Save the changes.

### Check that you are a member of an existing organization
1. Log in to [Percona Platform](https://portal.percona.com). 
   
  !!! hint alert alert-success "Tip"

>     If you are connecting via GitHub, make sure that you set your email address as **public** in your GitHub account. If your email address is private instead, Percona Platform cannot access it to authenticate you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you are connecting via GitHub, make sure that you set your email address as **public** in your GitHub account. Otherwise, Percona Platform cannot access it to authenticate you.
```

Reviewer: It isn't only about being private, there are a few other options that will also prevent the email address to be public, thus the "Otherwise"
